# Official Rules

**NO PURCHASE REQUIRED TO ENTER OR TO WIN. VALID ONLY IN ARGENTINA, AUSTRALIA, AUSTRIA, BELGIUM, CANADA (EXCLUDING QUEBEC), CHILE, CHINA, COLOMBIA, CZECH REPUBLIC, DENMARK, FINLAND, FRANCE, GERMANY, HONG KONG, HUNGARY, INDIA, INDONESIA, ISRAEL, JAPAN, MALAYSIA, MEXICO, NETHERLANDS, NEW ZEALAND, NORWAY, PERU, PHILIPPINES, POLAND, PORTUGAL, RUSSIAN FEDERATION, SINGAPORE, SOUTH AFRICA, SOUTH KOREA, SAUDI ARABIA, SPAIN, SWEDEN, SWITZERLAND, TAIWAN, THAILAND, TURKEY, UNITED ARAB EMIRATES, UNITED KINGDOM, THE UNITED STATES, AND VENEZUELA. 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER AT TIME OF ENTRY. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.**

## 1. Eligibility:
The Devtoberfest Game contest is open only to individuals who are legal residents of one of the eligible countries identified above, and who are at least 18 years of age at the time of their participation.

- **Employees, officers and representatives of SAP, and related companies, as well as their employees and immediate family (spouse, parents, siblings, and children) and household members of each such employee are eligible to participate, but are not eligible to receive prizes other than nominal, non-cash prizes.**
- **Employees of any SAP customers currently engaged in an active competitive bid cycle with SAP are not eligible to receive any prize in any tiers that exceeds $100, as determined by SAP.**
- **Employees of the United States government or any foreign government, state, or territory, or any government affiliated entity, may participate, but are not eligible for prizes or gifts. This Devtoberfest Game contest is subject to all federal, state and local laws and regulations.**

## 2. Sponsor:
SAP America, Inc., 3999 West Chester Pike, Newtown Square, PA 19073

## 3. Agreement to Official Rules:
By registering via Eventbrite and participating in the Devtoberfest Game contest, each entrant fully and unconditionally agrees to and accepts these Official Rules and the decisions of Sponsor in all matters relating to this Devtoberfest Game contest, which are final and binding. Entrants have the responsibility to review and understand their employer’s policies, laws, rules and/or regulations, tax implications, and any other limitations regarding eligibility to participate in promotions and/or receive prizes in connection therewith.  Furthermore, if you enter without obtaining the appropriate approvals, or if an individual is participating in violation of any such policies, Sponsor may, in its sole discretion, disqualify you and/or your entry, and forfeit the prize, if applicable.

## 4. Timing:
The Devtoberfest Game contest begins at 12:01:00 a.m. Pacific Time ("PT") October 1, 2021 and ends at 11:59:59 p.m. PT November 12, 2021 (the "Promotion Period"). 

## 5. Complete Tutorials and Attend Devtoberfest Events to Earn Points:
Eligible participants (as defined in Section 1, above) who connect to [http://developers.sap.com](http://developers.sap.com) and complete the designated individual tutorials and/or the "SAP Devtoberfest Mission", which is a collection of tutorials specifically assembled for bonus points,  will be given badges with associated point values.  Participants can also attend special events over the 6 week Devtoberfest Period that have been published on the Devtoberfest Github site as being eligible to earn points during the Promotion Period.  Badges awarded with points will be published against the participant SAP Community ID and that will be used to verify their level of points achieved.  We will also have a "for entertainment purposes only" gameboard where participants can log in and see their progress up each level of a visual gameboard.  Point levels are: at least 10 points to receive a registrant badge.  Level 1 requires at least 2000 points.  Level 2 requires at least 12000 points.  Level 3 requires at least 18000 points.  Level 4 requires at least 24000 points.

Sponsor is not responsible for hardware or software failures of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections, failed, incomplete or garbled computer or telephone transmissions, typographical or system errors and failures or faulty transmissions, or for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, or for any entry not received by Sponsor on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet, or at a website, or any combination thereof. 

Sponsor in its sole discretion may disqualify any entrant from participating in the Devtoberfest Game contest, refuse to award prize(s), and require the return of any prize(s), if entrant engages in any conduct Sponsor deems to be improper, unfair or otherwise adverse to the operation of the Devtoberfest Game contest or detrimental to other entrants. Such improper conduct includes, but is not limited to, falsifying personal information required during Devtoberfest Game contest registration or prize claim, violating any Official Rules stated herein, winning a prize(s) through methods such as automated computer scripts or other programming techniques, allowing others to use the entrant's personal information for the purpose of winning a Prize, or tampering with Sponsor's administration of this Devtoberfest Game contest.

## 6. Prizes:

There can be an unlimited amount of qualifiers across all four prize levels (described in Section 5, above) Participants that achieve these prize levels during the Promotion Period will have a chance to win prizes.  The prizes will be allocated by random drawing amongst the qualifiers at that prize level if the number of qualifiers exceeds the pool of prizes (described below) at any given prize level. Prize level 1 will be give away gifts like a T-Shirt once a point threshold of at least 2000 points achieved.  Prize level 2 is a $100 SAP Store Voucher or a $100 Charity Donation Voucher once a point threshold of at least 12000 points achieved.  Prize level 3 is an outerwear item valued up to $200 once a point threshold of at least 18000 points achieved. Prize level 4 will be a  charity dontation (of up to $5000) and tree planting in the winners name once a point threshold of at least 24000 points achieved. As you qualify for each level you may win those prizes in addition to the previous level.  A level 3 winner couldalso gets prizes in level 1 and 2.

*  Prize level 1 will have up to 600 (six hundred) winners with approximate Retail Value of each prize $30 (thirty) USD
*  Prize level 2 will have up to 225 (two hundred and twenty five) winners with approximate Retail Value of each prize $100 (one hundred) USD
*  Prize level 3 will have up to 20  (twenty) winners with approximate Retail Value of each prize$200 (two hundred) USD
*  Prize level 4 will have 1 (one) winner with approximate Retail Value of up to $5000 (five thousand) USD

If more entrants qualify in any given prize bracket in accordance with these Official Rules on or about November 12th, 2021, SAP will conduct a random drawing from all of the eligible participants at that prize level. The drawing will be conducted by Sponsor in accordance with these Official Rules, and the selection and determination of a winner(s) is final.  The entrant(s) selected as the winner(s) must comply with all terms and conditions of these Official Rules and winning is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements. **Each winner will be notified using the contact information submitted by the participant through completion of registration via Eventbrite, and you consent to being contacted by Sponsor via any means available using this contact information for purposes of communicating with you about the Devtoberfest Game contest.** If a potential winner cannot be contacted within three (3) days after the first attempt to contact him/her, Sponsor may at its sole and absolute discretion select an alternate entrant from among all eligible entries received for that prize category.

No cash or other substitution, assignment or transfer of prizes permitted, except by Sponsor, who reserves the right to substitute a prize or prize component with another of comparable or greater value. Winner is responsible for all taxes surcharges and fees associated with prize receipt and/or use.

**Any prize awarde to you is awarded under the condition that your acceptance does not violate any applicable laws or policies within your organization. Public sector employees and/or government officials are not eligible to receive prizes. SAP customers currently in an active competitive bid cycle with SAP are ineligible for gifts over $100.   Acceptance of this prize indicates that the recipient is neither public sector/government official or a customer in an active competitive bid with SAP.  If you are unsure whether your acceptance may violate any such laws or policies, we strongly encourage you to seek advice from your ethics or compliance official. If an individual or an organization is unable to accept all or a portion of a prize that is awarded, Sponsor may elect to award some portion of the prize to the recipient in question, or may elect to withdraw the prize and award it to another participant.**

## 7. Devtoberfest Game contest Administration/Publicity:
Except where prohibited, participation in the Devtoberfest Game contest constitutes winner's consent to Sponsor’s use of winner's name, likeness, and biographical information for purposes of administering the Devtoberfest Game contest, including publication of information about winning entrants in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Use of personal information for advertising and promotional purposes will be subject to the consent of the participant.

## 8. General Conditions:
Sponsor reserves the right to cancel or modify the Devtoberfest Game contest if fraud, technical failures or any other factor beyond Sponsor's reasonable control impairs the integrity of the Devtoberfest Game contest, as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. In such event, Sponsor reserves the right to award the prizes at random from among the eligible entries received up to the time of the impairment. Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any individual it finds to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Devtoberfest Game contest or to be acting in violation of these Official Rules, or in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner. Sponsor's failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision. 

## 9. Release:
**By entering this Devtoberfest Game contest, entrant agrees to release and hold harmless, Sponsor, its related companies, its parent and affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, and agents from and against any claim or cause of action arising out of participation in the Devtoberfest Game contest or receipt or use of any prize.**

## 10. Disputes/Limitation of Liability:
Entrant agrees that: (i) any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Devtoberfest Game contest, or any prizes awarded, other than the administration of the Devtoberfest Game contest or the determination of winners shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; (ii) any and all claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering this Devtoberfest Game contest but in no event attorneys' fees; and (iii) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim punitive, incidental and consequential damages and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 

## 11. Governing Law: 
All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of the entrant and Sponsor in connection with the Devtoberfest Game contest, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules (whether of the State of New York, or any other jurisdiction), which would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York. In the event that any legal or regulatory authority challenges the Devtoberfest Game contest, Sponsor reserves the right to discontinue or modify the Devtoberfest Game contest, or to disqualify entrants residing in the affected geographic areas. In such event, Sponsor shall have no liability to entrants who are disqualified due to such an action.

## 12. Use of Information:
Sponsor will be collecting personal data about entrants online, in accordance with its privacy policy. Please review the Sponsor’s privacy policy at the link below. By participating in the Devtoberfest Game contest, entrants hereby agree to Sponsor’s collection and usage of their personal information and acknowledge that they have read and accepted Sponsor’s privacy policy at [click here](https://www.sap.com/corporate/en/legal/privacy.html).

## 13. Winners List/Official Rules:
Devtoberfest Game contest results will be posted at [http://community.sap.com/](http://community.sap.com/).
